Reference scripts impl - publication of a script (#4086)
input-output-hk/cardano-wallet: specifications/api/mint-burn.md

1. Creation of a transaction output that contains a minting script and is suitable for use as reference input.

>     In the `reference_policy_script_template` field, you can optionally add a script template. The HTTP endpoint will map this script template into a script using the wallet's policy public key, and this script will be included in the first transaction output (i.e. at index `0`) of the transaction. It is worth mentioning that for shelley wallets script template needs to include one cosigner only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In the `reference_policy_script_template` field, you can optionally add a script template. The HTTP endpoint will map this script template into a script using the wallet's policy public key, and this script will be included in the first transaction output (i.e. at index `0`) of the transaction. For Shelley-style wallets, the script template must contain a single cosigner only, but it may include time locks.
```

Author: done
